vanished from Earth Classic Game Room
run guests from the intergalactic space
are eight on its never-ending mission to
review everything
welcome to classic game room are you
ready for a horror movie inspired
blood-soaked side-scrolling brawler beat
them up on your Genesis if so then
you're ready for splatterhouse three
good music and a cool intro it's
splatterhouse 3 from 1993 on your Sega
Genesis
this game has some interesting visual
effects on these 16-bit Sega Genesis
from Namco it's a side-scrolling brawler
beat him up like Double Dragon meets
Friday the 13th you're playing this dude
with a face mask who reminds me of Jason
Voorhees crossed with one of the guys
from altered beast founding the crap out
of monsters in an attempt to save of
Jennifer or something I'm not really
sure what's going on it's been a long
time since I've played a splatterhouse
game
for the most part you're doing the same
thing over and over again
punching jumping kicking it's like
Streets of Rage Golden Axe Double Dragon
any of those games except bloodier and
that's what I remember about the series
from back in the day splatterhouse games
are packed with blood and gore or
something you didn't see much of back in
the 80s or early 90s and tilt games like
this one Mortal Kombat and narc came
along it's pretty tame by today's
standards but you gotta love these
cutscenes
the cinema inspired cutscenes are
legitimately creepy and quite
interesting
as you battle your way through this
blood-soaked mansion and dungeons you're
attempting to make it to the end boss
and defeat them before the time runs out
and save certain characters in the game
my I think I never actually saved anyone
they all just died everyone died I'm not
very good at these games to begin with
and I'm not sure how anybody could
actually defeat the bosses and in time
splatter house 3 is really challenging
Jennifer is destroyed by the foul beast
well that's a shame but at least there's
no typos or punctuation errors in that
slide splatter house 3 gets an A+ for
blood and intestines on the ground but a
d-minus for proofreading
after you've defeated all of the
monsters in a room the doors open and
you can pull up your map and try to plot
your way to the end boss or else you'll
die just like your Proclus wife
so everyone listening make sure you let
that special someone know helped
reckless they are to you bill thank you
probably with a look of confusion maybe
maybe they'll just walk away while I've
enjoyed playing this game immensely it
brings back some memories
it's definitely style over substance
splatterhouse three is way cooler than
it is actually good it looks great I
love the monster designs but there's
only like five of them it's terribly
repetitive and the lack of a two-player
mode makes it kind of frustrating after
a while there's no one there to get you
back so it's always being attacked by
monsters trying to eat you but it's
still super cool and immensely likeable
which is why so many people fondly
remember and talk about this
splatterhouse series and you've gotta
love these cutscenes
I also really enjoy the massive amount
of reverb on his screaming when he gets
knocked down and this room filled with
severed hands trying to attack you you
just didn't get stuff like this very
often on the genesis fortunately there's
a password system since it's a
challenging game that may come in handy
and of course if you're interested in
making it through with a little help all
of the codes are available online these
days so how about a classic game room
shout out and thank you all the way to
Chris from Woodland California thank you
for sending splatterhouse 3 to the show
since I already gave this game some
letter ratings I may have to give it a
b-plus for sound effects
you know the enemy designs are
definitely interesting splatterhouse 3
it's like a b-movie video game and I'm
pretty sure that's what they were going
for so I would say they succeeded